Test and document otel.javaagent.configuration-file (#3585)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: docs/agent-config.md

* [Span limits](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/tree/main/sdk-extensions/autoconfigure/README.md#span-limits)
* [Using SPI to further configure the SDK](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/tree/main/sdk-extensions/autoconfigure/README.md#customizing-the-opentelemetry-sdk)

> ## Supplying configuration properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring the agent
```

> Configuration properties can be supplied with one or more of the following ways (priority from highest to lowest):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent can consume configuration from one or more of the following sources (ordered from highest to lowest priority):
```

* system properties
* environment variables

> * configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the [configuration file](#configuration-file)
```

> * SPI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the [`ConfigPropertySource`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/blob/main/javaagent-extension-api/src/main/java/io/opentelemetry/javaagent/extension/config/ConfigPropertySource.java) SPI
```

> * hard-coded defaults

Reviewer: There's no need to mention these here, the user cannot do anything with those.

Author: Good point, I'll get rid of it

> ### File configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuration file
```

You can provide a path to agent configuration file by setting the corresponding property.

| System property                      | Environment variable                 | Description                                                                      |
|--------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `otel.javaagent.configuration-file` | `OTEL_JAVAAGENT_CONFIGURATION_FILE` | Path to configuration file which contains a line-oriented list of properties formatted like `property1=value1` or `property2:value2`|

Reviewer: I think it's fine to just say that it's a Java properties file without describing the format in detail:
```suggestion
| `otel.javaagent.configuration-file` | `OTEL_JAVAAGENT_CONFIGURATION_FILE` | Path to valid Java properties file which contains the javaagent configuration. |
```

> | `otel.javaagent.configuration-file` | `OTEL_JAVAAGENT_CONFIGURATION_FILE` | Path to configuration file which contains a line-oriented list of properties formatted like `property1=value1` or `property2:value2`|

Reviewer 2: "Java Properties format" is the standard way to describe such files. I stumbled for a second on "line-oriented" :D

Author: Yep, that's certainly better, thanks :)
